the mysterious and millennial plant bank is used in multiple applications and
innumerable smiles the advantages that its cultivation and exploitation can offer in
the most diverse fields for their physical and mechanical qualities in
relationship with its weight is very suitable for the manufacture and construction of everything
kind of things
for example the crafts
at least a little bit about the magnetic properties the camorra be serviced in
so much commented
thank you very much for the invitation we must also talk about what they are
the things well common and in the morro
it may be that we have an experience of 20 years of being in
this medium working together i then percent is a pretty material
also exposes two firm sales cars and is economical
well we have achieved and empirically we can initially
manage with clive goodman through consultancies
and some knowledge temuco the inquired on our own
stories
the tdlc knowledge to work in the field what are the materials
essentials that also need
in fact the announcement
buenos aires is used night only as dyes interviews part i
and they carry it more than all percent that what is love is lamenting the
portal youtube where certainly in his trajectory the next day he performs
various handcrafted pieces durango
with everything starts with the record of immobility of each of the pieces
a figure as foreigners is easy to use for catering hands
entries of these artisans of the bank but this material is characterized by
be resistant even to the many and this machine is
and after he remembers the bank exclusively that at the moment
decorate the bridges or little on how this decoration is done good lomba
forgive us manuel valentine santana teachers full previous lizando already what
what is modeling p
also cold ceramics delaying the light
in the current one because in this season
and then like the wash of playing with him
a flower in your current club does not have to lose
in addition to three minutes because this material-immediate sector not
if it sticks there
in total the surface where it is being prepared
so
in they have different colors to be able to access it and if you do not want to look bad
if in sacrament for sure a very hard return the process was accelerated
right in the an the transcendence that has a few minutes of having 3 the band
both the club and the hand of a spontaneous march and that has a lounge
attached avelino guillén requires as and uncertain experience gives to be able
do it so fast
for that reason the secretariat of us came with this idea that the year
89 min
the this material that does not appear in 91 commented we have already become
an industry after making the decoration the piece is varnished and for
end the afternoon sign with the name of our country
and we also want to thank you so you can also do it with
humor why when this day we are going to see how it is done for these
good loans very well at this time because we are going to perform organize
a musical event
this is the population of a maraca
it's made up of percent works a mockery of me
Icaro as rock
and with a piece of bamboo
internally taken a marble offense who wants the sound before the
bad people are trying to throw away since the August burrito is assembled what
it's a theme in the background
guillermo lopez news of the sound test by the way I feel more
that hose but at this moment they are already have an independent calculation
in this situation has commented 100% environment to iu as the process as
to plan acts of looting right now we're going to inns to the county process
percent
this selection designed this story is capricious miguel
on the wall which is to burn the opposite
which has a temperature of 4 5 degrees the nose hold that temperature
and then proceed to a design with paint
it's a statement
fundamental
Not that much
a monumental 20%
the number of places called
20%
no matter
20% the appointment ones have added to the clear these circumstances
16 those sessions
zas